So you just saw how Dependency Injection can be manually performed through a JUnit test.
We will be setting up those classes constructing classes and doing the Dependency Injection ourselves via
the setup step inside of a test.
What I want to do now is start showing you how the Spring Framework is going to do it and I'm going
to go through a series of steps here. I want to show you some common error, some common gotchas that
you're going to see. Very easy to make mistakes. When you start working with the Spring Framework
for a long time correcting this becomes second nature.
So I want to show you some very common problems that you're going to encounter when you're performing
Dependency Injection because if you do have a dependency and the Spring Framework can not find it it's
going to throw an error and stop the program from starting up.
So I'm going to step through that inside of IntelliJ and just show you some common errors, some common
themes that beginners run into when they first start working with Dependency Injection with inside the
Spring Framework. So I'm going to jump over to IntelliJ now and show you how Spring does Dependency
Injection.
So we're going to go ahead and ask the context for an instance of each one of these controllers.
So I'm going to go through this step by step and show you some common error.
So if I just come in here and then a system out and say property. And here I'm going to do the property
based controller.
And here now I do the cast just like we did before. Context get bean and the Bean name is going to
be the same as this. So I'm just gonna steal that. Go like this and we are actually going to see a couple
of different problems here.
When we asked for that.
So we want to do a system out from the property and get the greeting out of that property based controller.
So now I'm going to go ahead and run this.
You can see that Spring did start up and we can see no bean named property injected controller.
That's because I have not gone over here and created that.
So Spring doesn't know that this is a managed component.
So if I come up here and annotate it with the controller annotation we are going to get a different
error.
So let's go ahead and run that. Now we can see that we are getting a null pointer, null pointer
exception.
This is something that's really easy to do. Happens to the best of us actually. I'm gonna toggle a breakpoint
here and show you what's going on inside the debugger.
So now if I just come up here and click on the debugger. We've got a breakpoint toggle there. We're going
to stop this in the debugger and we can see that the greeting service is null.
So right now Spring doesn't know that it's supposed to be injecting that greeting service.
So now if I come up here and I use the autowired annotation.
So this tells Spring that I want it to go ahead and inject an instance of the greeting service.
We can see that IntelliJ is giving me a warning saying that there's no beans of that type.
And if we come back to the run dialog and run it we're going to see that Spring will fail to start.
I can say it says that we are trying to autowire something but there's no incidents of that greeting
service. That's because we haven't told Spring that the screening service is a Spring managed components.
If I come up here and say this is a service. We'll cover the different end stereotypes that we can
use inside of Spring further into the course.
But effectively there's no effective functional difference between them. Between a service and a controller
and a component.
These are just different Spring stereotypes that says this is a Spring managed component. It's really
just for you to show your intention of how that it's going to be utilized.
The framework really doesn't make much of a distinction between these.
So now by annotating that as a service, Spring knows to bring an instance of this into its context.
And when I run this again, Spring is going to be able to find an instance of the greeting service and
execute properly so  you see that I have the property and working the whole hello world out of that.
Now I come back to the main class and let's do the same for the setter based setter injected controller
So it sets up the setter controller. Lets do this sort of system
out.
Now when I run this, this is also gonna fail because we haven't set everything up properly yet.
We'll step through that. We can see that no bean named setter injected controller is found. So let's come over
here and we'll add that as a controller.
So now we are telling that this is a controller, a Spring managed controller.
Then also what we need to do here is on the setter, we need to add in that autowired. In this autowired
annotation is going to tell the Spring Framework that we want a greeting service injected into this bean.
So now when I run this we'll see that we get a different result. We can see that the
setter is now working.
So let's go complete the constructor injected controller so let's come back over to the application. System
out.
So that sets up the constructor. Let's scroll was up a little bit. That's where constructor injected controller.
Do cast.
I'm just stealing that to save a little bit typing.
And of course if I run this, this is going to fail because we haven't told Spring that this is a Spring
managed component. Let's just say controller. And here this is a little bit different than the others.
The autowired annotation on the constructor that is optional.
I think it was in Spring 4.2 that became optional and actually still see a lot of Spring developers
have been using the framework for a long time.
But not aware of that.
Out of habit they keep adding in the autowired annotation but that is no longer required on constructors.
So what we can do is save ourselves a little bit of typing and not add in that autowired.
And if I run this, you'll see that Spring will automatically detect it and inject in an instance of the
greeting service into our constructor without having to specify an autowired annotation there.
Let's quickly recap what we changed in this video. On the greeting server itself,
we added in the service annotation which tells Spring that this is a Spring managed component and to
bring it into the Spring Context.
Now we are never actually asking for that, for an instance of that in our main class.
So come back to our main class. But we added in to where we're calling on the context to give us a bean
of property injected controller, the setter injected controller and the constructor injected controller.
Remember on the property injected controller, we have to tell Spring explicitly that we want Spring to
go ahead and manage the injection of a greeting service.
Same with the setter injected.
We have to tell Spring explicitly that we want the setter to be used for that dependency.
And then finally on the constructor, since that constructor is only way to instantiate this, we don't
have to tell Spring explicitly to utilize the constructor. Here it's automatically going to autowire.
So we don't have to provide the autowire annotation.
And then when we run our application now we have effectively four different Spring beans being brought
into the context so we have the greeting service itself that implantation. Spring is instantiating that.
And then it's also scanning and seeing that we have the three four four different controls.
I'm sorry that need to be brought into the context and it sees that our property injected controller
Setter injected controlling, constructor injected controller, all have a dependency on the greeting service.
And when it constructs those beans, it automatically wires those up with that greeting service.